welcome back here we are at react the
International hiccup dance and culture
festival in Alicante in the South of
France Spain is the second day of our
event and we got started with
international waters we had a sofa some
first-class international dancers and we
are here today with two very special
guests these two people are rocking the
Sweden's role internationally especially
among young people they have like 300
thousand Twitter followers between these
two and we are very honored to have them
here with us today
so mr. Brian post post welcome mr. Ian
Eastwood
welcome to react how do you feel the
festival is going so far pretty good
there's always great energy from
everyone but it's sometimes hard to find
lots of really advanced students in the
room everyone usually has great energy
but sometimes there's not that many
super advanced students and there's
actually a lot of not the whole class I
mean it's Spanish blood they
automatically move naturally like you
know think so they're just naturally
talented
so you can be sincere with me how do you
feel about the level advancing level
with the participants it is very high
I'll say it's very high the dancing over
here is very high
that's very fluttering coming from you
you will travel all around the world
teaching workshops and participating in
South and performance so it's a hundred
for us to have you here and let's talk a
little bit about yourselves could you
describe to us the best dancing
experience you can in all your career I
would say all those two for me others
meeting him 2010 Chicago going on a BDC
together and as most wanted crew and
yeah really incredible not even just the
TV part take the TV part out but like
learning from all there are crewmates
because uh you know they inspire us as
well so just learning and just growing
as as people with dancers and as crews
and I think for me both of those as well
but I think also I think I'm my favorite
experiences are every time this year
we've taken our videos very very very
seriously and we are using a really
great production film crew based out of
Chicago Illinois which are some great
friends of ours called common list and I
think every time that we create a new
video
creator vision I'm just so moved and
touched that we're physically creating
everything like from our dreams I'm so
proud of us every time that we do
something like that we'll meet when we
shoot our new video so I must say say
complete I must say I completely believe
you because when we we have seen you two
both at the same stage at work also
there is a chemistry between you two
that that that can be fade so let's
suppose that someone has been hiding a
cave for the last three years in heaven
heard about you you have to describe
your style to this person how do you
describe just tied to this rare strange
person scars that have occurred about
Brian Posehn
I am his book how do you describe their
style just think our styles are very
very lyrical so we're kind of just
telling the story of the song through
our own personal experiences and so
telling the story of our lives and the
story of the song and making it all come
to life and I wouldn't say that our
style is necessarily hip-hop I wouldn't
say it's really anything but ourselves
and we just do what we feel is right we
have had a lot of extensive training
obviously and dance but at this point in
our lives we kind of just do whatever we
feel
okay guys thanks a lot in the last
question it's very important for us we
will treat you again as we are how was
that I think the first reactor maybe the
second one
the camp is something so different and
so amazing from that from that first one
obviously the first one was really
incredible for me too because it was at
the beginning of my career but to see
where it's gone and to see where the
talent has gone from when I first came
here is like a really fascinating thing
so and I was lucky enough to be here
last year and this is my second year in
a row and I don't know I'm pretty sure
you know the students and the
contestants everything they look forward
to this this every year but I score
offers to we we look forward to this
camp as well so that's what that's what
yeah yeah hopefully you know next year
although your heart okay thanks thanks a
lot guys you hear it from Brian Pushpa
joking from ionise would we continue all
week long with international worship see
and react and coming Friday we will a
counterfeit television shows visit with
legend hiccup legend mr. Wiggles a lot
of artists there and the championship
community Saturday NATO may in for at
reacts pained call see you explain that